Perseus rocket integration (#266)
framesurge/perseus: packages/perseus-rocket/README.md

Reviewer: Could you make it clear in here that this integration is specially for Rocket v0.5, since that's still in beta? This warning can be removed once the Rocket devs release that version more stably.

# Perseus Rocket Integration

> :warning: This integration uses Rocket 0.5.0-rc.2 which is still in beta

> This is the official [Perseus](https://github.com/arctic-hen7/perseus) integration for making serving your apps on [Rocket](https://rocket.rs/) significantly easier!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the official [Perseus](https://github.com/framesurge/perseus) integration for making serving your apps on [Rocket](https://rocket.rs/) significantly easier!
```
